=== Step 22-24 proof: ARM V's vacuous critic ===

--- the stub: the SHARED loopback fixture, one thing overridden ---
$ grep -n 'import wheel_operational_smoke' critic_stub.py
51:import wheel_operational_smoke as _smoke  # noqa: E402  (the ONE stub, reused)
(the same import cycle_soak.py:58 uses -- 'the ONE stub, reused'.)

critic contract: answered from the bank, 404 chars, and the reply VALIDATES against the shipped contract (attack=True)
round robin covers all 12 entries, deterministically
a non-critic contract falls through to the shared stub, byte-identical
an empty bank REFUSES rather than serving no objection
rc=0

--- the bank generator ---
deterministic: same seed -> same bank, digest 7fbd86af5cb103ca
lengths: min 404, median 637, max 866 (target iqr 400-900)
a different seed gives a different bank, so the seed is real
every sentence in every entry comes from the 12 stems and 6 continuations, and from nowhere else
rc=0

--- the vacuity check, and the knob that was REMOVED rather than turned ---

The first version of the check used a hand-written stop-list alone and
reported 8 of 12 entries as naming their targets -- on the words 'rather'
and 'made'. The obvious repair was to add those two words to the
stop-list. That repair is the knob this check exists to avoid: a
stop-list extended whenever the bank fails is a stop-list fitted to the
bank, and it would eventually absorb a real word.

So the baseline is not extended by hand. It is the bank generator's OWN
committed vocabulary, read from make_vacuous_bank.py at run time. That
set is fixed before any target exists and cannot be adjusted per target.
What remains after subtracting it is the real question: a word an entry
contains that the generator could not have produced.

clean bank: VACUOUS (0 of 12 entries off-vocabulary, 0 naming their targets; generator vocabulary 100 words, 26 distinct target content words outside it were searched for)
planted bank: NOT VACUOUS (1 entry off-vocabulary, 1 naming its target: ['corroboration', 'future', 'induction', 'reliability'])
the check goes RED on a planted target-specific objection, so a pass above is a fact rather than an absence of testing
rc=0

Read the planted line: the check catches the planted entry BOTH ways --
off-vocabulary (it is not one of the committed clauses) and by target
overlap on four words the generator has no way to emit: corroboration,
future, induction, reliability. A check that has never been shown to fail
is indistinguishable from one that cannot.

--- one design decision worth stating, because it is invisible in a diff ---
ARM V's objections are filed with attack=True, exactly as ARM C's are.
An objection filed as no-attack would take a different path through the
record, and the two arms would then differ in their ROUTE as well as in
their content -- which is the one difference ARM V may not have, since
the whole arm exists to isolate content.
